-: Welcome back.
So we are in 18 EKS,
monitoring using CloudWatch Container Insights.
So we already discussed about introductory topics
about this one in our introduction section.
So we are moving on to our step two, which is
associate CloudWatch policy
to our EKS worker node rules.
So CloudWatch agent server policy need to be associated
with our worker nodes EC2 role
so that it gets the means like
these worker nodes will get the access
to push the logs to the CloudWatch,
or send the metrics to the CloudWatch Container Insights.
Or It gives the CloudWatch Container Insights to
pull the information, whatever is present
in other pod metrics or cluster metrics.
So, so now let's go back to our management console,
and what I said here is go to your EC2 worker nodes
and then find the IAM role parameter
and then click on that role.
So that is the easiest way.
So I can go to EC2, right?
And I have two EC2 worker nodes running here,
so I can say, so this and then this so I can go to them.
So those are targeted with the respect to EKS only, right?
So these are EKS demo one, NG private one.
So which means those are deployed
in our private subnets kubectl get nodes -o wide
will give us the external IP if it is associated,
you can tell that it is on the public subnet of our cluster.
If it is none, it is on the private subnet of our cluster.
So I'll go here, and then find
the role EKS CTL EKS demo one, right?
So from any one of the instance you can find your role,
and then inside that role we are going
to associate the policy CloudWatch agent server policy.
So let me go here and
it is loading so just give it a minute.
I don't know why it is slow.
Okay, got it.
Okay, so now let's go here and attach a policy name
CloudWatch agent server policy, right?
So for our EC2 instance role worker EC2 instance role
we have associated a new policy which is nothing
but CloudWatch agent server policy, so that's good.
So now let's come back and install the Container Insights.
So Container Insights you can install specifically,
which means like you can install one after
the other means like it will have
the components like CloudWatch agent
and then FluentD CloudWatch agent
is for our metrics to be pulled.
And then you'll also have FluentD for pulling the logs also
means like from logs from our EKS cluster.
So you can independently install CloudWatch agent
and then FluentD, or with a quick start option,
you can install everything.
So we are going to use the quick start option to
install both of the stuff, okay.
So now when you are installing it
so what it does we are going to look into first, okay?
So this command will install everything.
Okay, so what is this command?
We'll see in a bit but what it does is
it'll create a new namespace named Amazon -CloudWatch
in our Kubernetes cluster,
and then it'll create necessary security objects required
for creating that DaemonSet.
So in simple terms it is going to create a DaemonSet,
one DaemonSet for CloudWatch agent
and then one DaemonSet for FluentD.
So now we already seen DaemonSet when we are
doing the x-ray section, if you remember, right.
So it'll create per node one pod for us in the DaemonSet.
So the number of nodes increases the pods per node
one pod for FluentD and then one pod
for CloudWatch agent will be always installed on each node.
So in this step it is going to create security role
cluster security account and then service account
and then cluster roll binding, whatever is required.
Further it is going to create
and it deploys the CloudWatch agent responsible
for sending the metrics to the CloudWatch
as a CloudWatch service enables as DaemonSet
and it also deploys the FluentD responsible
for sending the logs to the CloudWatch as a DaemonSet
and it deploys ConfigMap configurations required
for this DaemonSet.
So that's what this entire thing, so the entire CW agent
and FluentD quick start dot AML is going to do.
If you want you can open it,
and then review it for your convenience.
So means like you are now good
at AML and then you are now good,
at reading lots of Kubernetes manifests after writing them.
So now you can see that it creates a namespace
and then it creates a service account for us
and it creates a cluster role binding and then cluster role
and it also creates the configmaps for CW agent
and then it creates the DaemonSet for CW agent
with this information in the same way you'll have the same
for our FluentD also in the down.
So like that,
so if we can review whatever, whatever, even
whatever AWS has provided.
Okay, so now what is this template and what is the three
place then cluster name and region.
So this is that template information, which means
like this whole value whatever is there is the template.
And then inside this you are sending cluster name value
and then cluster region value so that in which region you
are installing the CW agent and FluentD
and in which cluster you are installing,
you are providing those
to your CW agent quick start dot aml.
So in our class whenever, wherever you see cluster name
underscore this in the red area
here you are going to replace
with your EKS demo one and region is US east one.
So if you see here, that's what we have done here.
So you can see right?
So in for cluster name we have put
EKS demo one and for region name we have put US east one.
So now as we already completed the section
which is associate cloud watch policy
to our EKS worker nodes completed.
So we can deploy this one now.
So let's go here and then deploy it.
Okay, so now it'll create associated stuff
whatever is required for us.
It first created the namespace
then created the service account cluster roles
and then cluster role bindings and then configmaps
and the DaemonSet for respect to CloudWatch agent.
Again, same for service account for FluentD cluster role
cluster role binding and then configmap
for FluentD, and it's equal and DaemonSet.
So now once it is created so we can clear,
and then we can say kubectl -f
and then verify the DaemonSet here.
Okay, so as we have already provided the respective role,
ideally there should be ready two by two is ready in both.
Why? Because we have kubectl get nodes, two nodes.
So we'll have two DaemonSet means
like DaemonSet is per node, it is going to run.
So two CloudWatch agents
and then two FluentD CloudWatches are going to run.
Okay? So this completes the installation part
of our Container Insights on our EKS cluster.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye-bye.
Thank you.